<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
	<head>
		<title>Chapter 1. Introduction</title>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="css/epub.css" />
	</head>
	<body>
		<section class="chapter" title="Chapter 1. Introduction" epub:type="chapter" id="introduction">
			<h2 class="title">Chapter 1. Introduction</h2>
			<p>If you’re expecting a run-of-the-mill best practices manual, be aware that there’s an
				ulterior message that will be running through this one. While the primary goal is
				certainly to give you the information you need to create accessible EPUB 3
				publications, it also seeks to address the question of why you need to pay attention
				to the quality of your data, and how accessible data and general good data practices
				are more tightly entwined than you might think.</p>
			<p>Accessibility is not a feel-good consideration that can be deferred to republishers
				to fill in for you as you focus on print and quick-and-dirty ebooks, but a content
				imperative vital to your survival in the digital future, as I’ll take the odd detour
				from the planned route to point out. Your data matters, not just its presentation,
				and the more you see the value in it the more sense it will make to build in
				accessibility from the ground up.</p>
			<section class="sect1" title="The Digital Famine">
				<h2 class="title" id="_the_digital_famine">The Digital Famine</h2>
				<p>Before getting into the best practices themselves, there are two subjects that it
					would be a lapse for me to not talk about first. The digital famine is the
					first, as it will hopefully give you some real-world perspective on why
					accessibility matters.</p>
				<p>You’re probably wondering what the famine is, since there are some impressive
					statistics emerging to show that the ebook revolution isn’t slowing down any
					time soon. Unfortunately, the numbers aren’t where it matters most yet if you
					believe in universal access to information. Sales are rising exponentially year
					over year, but the number of accessible ebooks available at the source is still
					small.</p>
				<ul class="itemizedlist">
					<li class="listitem"><p> New costly. </p></li>
					<li class="listitem"><p> Accessible reading. </p></li>
					<li class="listitem"><p> The inaccessibility ebooks. </p></li>
					<li class="listitem"><p> Libraries for  accessibility. </p></li>
				</ul>
				<p>But, famine.</p>
			</section>
		</section>
	</body>
</html>
